# Hash Cracker in Python

## Overview

This Python script is a hash cracker that supports the following hash algorithms: MD5, SHA1, SHA224, SHA256, SHA384, and SHA512. The purpose of this project is to provide a tool for decrypting hashed strings generated by these cryptographic hash functions.

## Features

- **Hash Algorithms Supported:** MD5, SHA1, SHA224, SHA256, SHA384, SHA512
- **Easy-to-Use:** Simple command-line interface for ease of use.
- **Custom Wordlist:** You can use a custom wordlist for dictionary attacks.
- **Hash Comparison:** The tool compares the hashed values with the provided hash, searching for a match.

## Requirements

- Python 3.x run requirements.txt

## Usage

1. Clone the repository:

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/inkro-hacher/hash-cracker-python.git
    ```

2. Navigate to the project directory:

    ```bash
    cd hash-cracker-python
    ```

3. Run the requirements with the following command:

    ```python3
    >>> pip install -r requirements.txt #for windows
    >>> pip3 install -r requirements.txt #for macos and linux
    ```

    Note! We are useing own wordlist, But don't panic, If you want to use your own wordlist, that facility is available.!

    Example:

    ```bash
    python3 main.py
    
    ```

## Options

 - ` Enter Type of Hash to be cracked (Select blow option.!)
 - `	1 <-> MD5 Hash 
 - `	2 <-> SHA1 Hash 
 - `	3 <-> SHA224 Hash 
 - `	4 <-> SHA256 Hash 
 - `	5 <-> SHA384 Hash 
 - `	6 <-> SHA512 Hash 
 - `	7 <-> Quit Script
 - `	->

## Contributing

If you would like to contribute to this project, feel free to fork the repository and submit a pull request.

## Disclaimer

This tool is intended for educational and ethical purposes only. Do not use it for any illegal activities. The author is not responsible for any misuse or damage caused by this script.

## License

This project is Open-source.
